are you looking from over the top burger
experience if you are you've come to the
right place
today I'm making a blue cheese stuffed
burger with a red pepper mayonnaise
sauce sort of like special sauce but
with red peppers it's really delicious
I'll get to that in a few minutes but
first I'm making my burger mix I'm
dividing a piece of blue cheese into 8
pieces this could be any kind of cheese
that you want brie would work cheddar
would work etc etc so I've divided my
blue cheese into 8 pieces you may notice
I'm wearing gloves I'm just doing that
because blue cheese does have kind of a
strong scent and if you are concerned
about that on your hands
wear a pair of gloves also I'm going to
be touching meat and then I won't have
to wash my hands here I have 3 pounds of
meat it's ground chuck to that I'm going
to add a tablespoon of coarse salt if
you're using fine salt or if you're
using a particularly salty brand of
coarse salt use a teaspoon and a half to
2 teaspoons also going to season the
meat with a teaspoon of freshly ground
black pepper normally when I'm making
burgers I don't season the meat at all
except for with salt and pepper as I'm
cooking it so this one's a little bit
special because I actually am putting
flavoring right in the burger now add 2
tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons of
Worcestershire sauce world's hardest
word to say very delicious
great depth of flavor mommy what we're
doing is giving our burgers a little bit
of a steakhouse flavor because a 1 has a
flavor that's sort of similar
Worcestershire right so we're that's
what we're doing with the blue cheese
etc you get the rest 2 tablespoons plus
2 teaspoons and then mix everything
together you don't want to overwork your
meat which is one of the reasons why I
generally don't add seasonings to my
burgers but sometimes it's just nice to
have that flavor right inside right want
to fancy it up sometimes this is your
fancy but easy burger mix it all
together make sure that all the
seasonings are well distributed
throughout your meat then divide your
meat into 8 mounds this is enough for 8
burgers you want to make sure that
they're sort
evenly divided before you pack them into
your burgers so do the dividing first
once you're satisfied that your mixture
is evenly divided between all your
burgers what you want to do is just
shape them into your burger shape and
then make a well in the center which is
where you're gonna add your blue cheese
to make a little hole slash well and
just take a piece of blue cheese and put
it into the center tuck it in fold it
over Pat it down no one will ever know
make sure it's nice and well enclosed
otherwise as you're cooking it the
cheese could come out you might want to
give people the choice of blue cheese
and cheddar or mozzarella so make a
variety of different cheeses and then
offer your friends and guests and family
a choice if you want to make these ahead
just keep them in a single layer on a
baking sheet cover with plastic in the
refrigerator you can do it in the
morning probably do it the day ahead
I've never done that but you could
definitely do it the morning ahead a
nice firm chilled burgers are really
easy to grill excellent all done gloves
off to the grill make sure that your
grill is preheated nice and hot nice and
clean and give it a little brush with
oil just for safety's sake there's quite
a bit of fat in ground chuck but you
never know to us be safe be careful you
can see I'm brushing with a handheld
piece of paper towel maybe not the best
idea but hey I'm a crazy girl place the
burgers on the grill you don't need to
season them they're already seasoned so
don't worry about that and cook them
about four to six minutes per side while
your burgers are cooking you can get
your special sauce ready my left a
special sauce maybe not I don't know I
don't care I said it anyway you can make
your sauce right here in this food
processor a cup of mayonnaise might work
fine a quarter cup of chopped roasted
red peppers half a teaspoon of white
wine vinegar basically like a little
more than a splash of white wine vinegar
and about an eighth of a teaspoon of
pepper freshly ground if you have it
regular old pepper if you don't and then
just process that up just until it
combined
and that's it that's all there is to the
sauce here ultra special extra fancy and
yet very easy burger it's time to flip
the burgers now so let me go over there
get rid of this I don't need it anymore
time to flip when they're ready to flip
they should be nice and charred and easy
to lift off of the grill if you try to
flip them too soon they'll fix don't go
too early I feel like I've completely
mastered the art of hamburger flipping
our tongs a better tool is a spatula a
better tool I don't know maybe I should
try calm oh yeah it's better seems to be
clean though make sure you have clean
ones not the ones that use
rami all right three to four more
minutes under slicing Tomatoes up slice
up a tomato or two
make sure your knife is nice and sharp
serrated knives also work really well
for tomatoes spread some of your
homemade special sauce on one side of
the fun and then if you want a little
bit of mustard why not
combination of spicy and a little bit
sweet really nice I mean obviously use
whatever condiments appeal to you this
is just this is where I'm going today
guys slice of tomato these are so big
you really only need one don't they look
like flowers you're so cute and then a
little bit of greens I'm using baby
spinach today but obviously use whatever
you have on hand or whatever appeals to
you this is to continue your Steakhouse
theme of the blue cheese and the spinach
and how you get creamed spinach at steak
house and now you're all ready all you
have to do is get your burgers off the
grill and I think mine are ready one
burger yummy cheese stuffers are good
all right top them off
that is you think
how crazily delicious that look
look at that those are so deluxe Oh
fantastic and really so easy we should
definitely make them for your next
barbecue
I would hi guys thanks for watching this
video be sure to click here if you want
to subscribe and click over here if you
want to continue watching more great
videos like this